	Agile 

how software development is done? 
how is the day of software developer?

12 principles of Agile Manifesto?
1) Customer Satisfaction
2) Welcome Change---inevitable changes can come any point of time
3) Deliver Working Software
4) Motivated---team members should feel motivated for the job they are doing 
5) Collaboration-- collaborate all of them(product owner,scrum master,developers,testers etc)
6) Maintain Constant Pace
7) Measure the software progress with the parameters defined.
8) Self-organised team----self sufficient team and should not be dependent on other teams
9) Simplicity--should be able to measure the work in a simple way.
10) Monitoring-- good technical expertise,good programming practises, good design etc
11) Review Work Regularly
12) Face to face communication

Software Development Methodology.
Methodology/way
It is a way of building software in  a incremental way in short iterations, usually
ranging from 1 week to 4 weeks.

This duration is different for different projects as per the work to be completed 
during the tenure, this is called as "Sprint".


Sprint Iterations:
1)  Product Backlog + New Sprint
2) Performance of the app tested
3) User stories have been accepted, if not accepted then moved to the next iteration
4) Defects have been fixed or postponed to next iteration.
Defect Life cycle.
a) New 
b) Assigned
c) Open
d) Fixed
e) Test
f)Verified
g)Closed
h) Deferred/Late
i)Duplicate
j) Rejected
h)Cannot be fixed
j) Need more info
k) not reproducible---platform mismatch, data mismatch,build mismatch






The total duration of the project may be 6months, 8 months etc, but a small part in it
to ensure that the software is working in the correct direction.

To have a review of the work done/going on the agile is the most widely accepted 
software development methodology.

What are the phases in the Sprint?
1)Define
2)Code
3)Integrate
4)Test

    Define the scope of the whole project

Sprint:

1) Class library with validations and create classes for Inserting,Updating,Deleting and Showing data from the list.(Only working with collections)

A)
a) create enums,classes,properties, etc
b) console app--- menu and called and checked.

B)Codewrite each code-- see whether that is working
C)2/3 methods created -----bring them together(integrated)
D)checking---test

this cycle goes on for each and every module----job seeker & employer
						login	
						registration
						etc


Multiple developers in a team---> each developer works on the project---git to submit 
his work and there it will be integrated.

feedback loop
-------------
everyday a standup meeting happens for not more than 15 minutes where the jobs to be done 
on that day are decided by the team. It is also called "daily scrum".
who will do what?
what will the individual in the team do
what to do next
when to finish the current work
any issues/problems 



	2 weeks-------15 jobs 
10 working days--15 minutes each day
1) J1,J2,J3 were  the jobs decided by the team.
2) J3 spilled on the next day + J4,j5,j6----
3)
10 day

publish first sprint on the server---stakeholders of the project,
review:
Lead developer
owner
Operations etc


1) ScrumMaster--- he is the team leader and the facilitator who helps the team members
to follow the agile practices so they can meet their commitments

2) Product Owner: he is the one who drives the product from the business perspective.
Responsible:
1) defining requirements
2) determine release date
3) iteration planning and release planning meetings with scrum master
4) get the jobs of higher priority done first by the team
5) he represents the voice of the customer
6) user stories-----> to see whether the software meets the definitions/criterias defined by the customer.

Agile team size 5 to 9 members and average exp. 6 to 10 yrs

3 to 4 developers
1 tester
1 technical lead
1 product owner
1 scrum master


jrdevelopers
jrtester


One or more user stories in a sprint.
Each userstory is planned on the basis of its backlog work,priority of the user story and size of the user story.

 How many people we have
how many hours we have--- points---1 point---8 hrs
estimatedTime ActualTime
how much time rquired to create a solution for the user story
how many sub tasks are there in the story

Each story should have 2 forms: target
1) As a <UserRole> I want this <functionality> so that <business values>
2) In order to achive <Business value> I want this <functionality>

 As a admin I want login  so that I can authenticate the user
 ------------------------------------------------------------------
As a CEO I want to view the total sales to know the gross profit
In order to know the total sales I want this Gross Sales Report
--------------------------------------------------------------
"done"
1) all related code is checked in
2)all unit test cases are  passesd
3) all acceptance test cases passed
4) help text is documented
5) product owner has accepted the story.

Acceptance testing----
Customer
-------------------------
Release Planning/Release Phase planning

Who are Involved in Release Planning:
Scrum Master
Product Owner
Agile Team
Stakeholders---customers,program managers, sme as advisors

Purpose:
Create a plan to deliver an increment to the product. It is done after every 2 to 3 months.

Pre-requisites for planning the release:
1) A ranked product backlog, managed by the product owner.
Whatever features are taken to be release.
2) Team's input about any technical challenges.
3) Market and Business objective
4) Any new product items are needed.


Materials Required for planning the release:

1. Posted Agenda
2. flip charts, white boards, markers,Projectors etc
3. Networking between computers
4. Planning data:
previous iteration/previous releases data
Action plans of the previous release
Features/Defects of previous release
Organisational/Personal Calendars 
Any other inputs from the team

Output:
1) Release Plan
2) commitment from the team
3) issues,concerns,dependencies,assumptions if any of the team
4) Any suggestions from the team
5)Presentation if the release,schedule of release etc





 












































