Create 3 different Class Library for the following:
Use Access Specifiers appropriately.
A) User Module
1)	User should be able to search for different movies based on language and genres.
2)	User once he logins in successfully to his account should be presented with the top ten movies that are currently being rented by other people.
3)	User should be classified as silver, gold and platinum category where Silver type of user can borrow total of 2 movies, gold can borrow 3 movies and platinum user can borrow 5 movies as maximum movies currently rented. (Use Enums) No more rental is allowed if the limit is reached.
4)	Once the movie CD is borrowed by a customer the stock available of the CD , to be reduced by one and when returned stock should be increased by one. Take appropriate properties, assume Availablestock as readoly property, & calculate it as initial stock - rented stock.
5)	 User should be able to rent these movies for a day and return it and cost should be calculated depending upon how many days the movie is there with the customer and 10% of the cost of the movie Blu ray cost per day should be computed and 18% GST has to be added on the cost. 
6)	User should be able to cancel his rental if the rental is not delivered.
				(delete)
B) Admin Module

Admin User
1)	Should be able to add customer details . Customer should be identified by his unique mobile number.
2)	Should be able to Add, Update and delete movies into the List
                          (Add, Find & Update, Find & Delete)
3)	Approve the movie rental placed by users and stock should be reduced by one for that movie.
4)	Assign the movie to be delivered to Delivery user.
5)	Any outstanding movies not returned by users more than 10 days should be shown to admin as a list.

C) Common Options: Create it as Shared Assembly, ie register this into GAC.
1)	All Users should be able to change password. New password should be prompted to change every month.
2)	All user should be able to View and edit profile.